#### How The Trello Board Works

There is 4 extra lists on trello. Doing, Testing, Bug Fixes and, Done. 
* **Doing:** Doing is for when you're developing a task. Drag the task over the Doing list and click on it and then go to Members then, add your name to. Add a comment to the task that just says Development. This is used to better track the chain of custody of the functions without having to do a git blame. When a task is completed, move it to the Testing list. Ideally, the person developing the function shouldn't be doing the testing on their own functions. Then `git push` to the `qa-testing` branch.

* **Testing:** Testing is for qa-testing. When a function is done it moves to the Testing list where someone will write tests for the function that have been recently done. When you do testing, clikc on the task, go to Members then add your name and write a comment that just says Testing. If someone tests a function and it doesn't work like it is supposed to, move the card into the bug fixes list and write a list of the things wrong with that function in a comment for that task. If the function works like it is supposed to move it into the Done list then push your code into the `development` branch.

* **Bug Fixes:** Bug Fixes are for when a function doesn't pass all of the planned tests. If a task is in the bug fixes list you can then, add it back to the Doing list if you're working on it. Add your member name just like the rest and add Development - Bug Fixing as a comment.

* **Done:** Done is for all of the tasks that have been completed and passing all the tests given to it. These are the tasks that get pushed into the `development` branch which will go through another layer of E2E testing before being pulled into the `master` (production) branch. If a task passes the Testing phase but doesn't pass the E2E testing, it will be moved into the bug fixes list again.